Reflect article to repo (#1035)
kintone-labs/kintone-ui-component: docs/document/docs/guides/format-setting-plugin.md

This article explains how to use Kintone UI Component on the plug-in settings page.
The creation of a simple Conditional Format Plug-in is used as an example.

### Components to use
- [Button](../components/desktop/button.md)
- [DatePicker](../components/desktop/date-picker.md)
- [Dialog](../components/desktop/dialog.md)
- [Dropdown](../components/desktop/dropdown.md)
- [MultiChoice](../components/desktop/multichoice.md)

## Completed image

The implementation scenarios and the completed image of the customized page are as follows:

Set the account closing date of your company on the plug-in settings page and implement a customization as a plug-in that colors red the target field of a record when today's date is before the closing date.

![Plugin setting](assets/plugin_setting.png)
This is the plug-in settings page.<br>
When the set conditions match (if today's date is before or after the reference date), the color of the set field changes to red on the Record Details page.

![Confirmation](assets/dialog.png)
A confirmation dialog is displayed when saving the settings.

![App image](assets/payment_management_app.png)
This is an app that manages deposits.<br>

> The text color changes according to the conditions set on the plug-in settings page.

Reviewer: 背景色に変更
```suggestion
The background color of the field changes according to the conditions set on the plug-in settings page.
```

  <h2 class="settings-heading">Format Setting Plug-in</h2>
  <p>If the conditions match, the background color of the target fields will be changed to red.</p>
  <br>
    <h3 class="kintoneplugin-desc">Set the reference date.</h3>
    <p class="kintoneplugin-row">
      <div id="date_space"></div>
    </p>
    <br>
    <h3 class="kintoneplugin-desc">Set the condition to color the fields. The default date is today.</h3>
    <p class="kintoneplugin-row">
      <div id="dropdown_space"></div>
    </p>
    <br>
    <h3 class="kintoneplugin-desc">Select the fields to color.</h3>
    <p class="kintoneplugin-row">
      <div id="multichoice_space"></div>
    </p>
    <br>
    <p class="kintoneplugin-row">
      <div id="button_space"></div>
    </p>
</section>
```

## JavaScript and CSS customization (Settings page)

This section will explain the implementation code of the settings page.<br>
Place the JavaScript file (config.js) described below in the js folder.<br>

***config.js***

```javascript
(async PLUGIN_ID => {
  // Write the process here
})(kintone.$PLUGIN_ID);
```
---
### Create components
---

Create various components.<br>
Place the following as fields.<br>

> Reference Date: Sets the reference date.
> Condition: Sets the condition for the reference date
> Fields: Set fields (Multiple selectable)

Reviewer: 改行
```suggestion
Reference Date: Sets the reference date.<br>
Condition: Sets the condition for the reference date<br>
Fields: Set fields (Multiple selectable)
```
